Things that are new or easy to forget are noted in the files with #new
Here are some notes on those Things

Print can have an "end" as a final statement to override the default \n . This allows the next print statement to carry on in the same line instead of the next line.
Example:
print("Hello World!", end=" ")

Variables are case sensitive (I rarely need to think about this).
Example:
a = 4
A = "Sally"

Variables must start with a letter or an underscore, not a number (I rarely need to think about this).

Multiple variables can be assigned to multiple values at the same time.
Example:
x, y, z = "Orange", "Banana", "Cherry"

Multiple variables can be set to the same value at the same time.
Example:
x = y = z = "Orange"

Unpacking: Values in a list or tuple can be extracted into variables all in one line.
Number of values being unpacked into variables much match the number of values in the list or tuple, otherwise it'll throw an error.
Example:
fruits = ["apple", "banana", "cherry"]
x, y, z = fruits

Variable of the same name inside of a function overrides global.
If it exists in the function, it must be defined before it is used - the global one will not be accessed and instead throw an error because it has not been defined yet, knowing that there exists a local variable.
Example:
x = "awesome"
def myfunc2():
    x = "fantastic"
    print("Python is " + x)
myfunc2()

Declaring a variable as global inside of a function allows it to be accessed outside of the function after the function is called.
This can also be used to change an already-defined global variable initialized outside of the function.
Example:
def myfunc3():
    global myfunc3variable
    myfunc3variable = "fantastic"
myfunc3()
print("Python is " + myfunc3variable)

j is used as the letter for representing a complex number (not i like in math contexts)
Example
x = 1j

On lists [], sets {}, and tuples ():
Mutable: Elements can be modified in lists and sets, but not in tuples
Ordered: The order of elements is maintained in lists and tuples, but not in sets.
Duplicates: Lists and tuples can have duplicates, sets cannot.
Different data types: Allowed in lists and tuples, not in sets.
Lists and tuples are the same except that lists can have elements modified, tuples cannot.
Sets are different from lists in that the order of elements is not maintained, duplicates are not allowed, and every element has to have the same data type.
A frozenset then is an immutable set.

When explicitly declaring the list type (and similar for tuples and sets), list() takes an iterable parameter (a tuple is an example of an iterable) and converting it to a list

Bytes and bytearray datatypes:
Bytes cannot be changed (immutable), bytearray can.
Both deal with encoding. More advanced topics to dive into as needed.
Memoryview seems related and can help to improve runtime.

NoneType and None are useful in dealing with functions with no return value.